(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

And are you guys, like, kind of from like a deliverable standpoint, are you guys just mostly kind of inquiring about kind of the stuff that we're doing and the approach that we're taking? Or are you looking to kind of get, like, build something or get involved in building something? Where are you guys at in that? Well, it's, uh, we're kind, I think what we're gonna do, I think what we're gonna do overall is, you know, we're gonna do this research and then ideally maybe design something depending, I think, where the professor is headed is, like, you know, identifying opportunities to basically just make that starter kit better. So that might be, you know, figuring out, like, what you do working on the dashboard. It might be something like that. 

It might be something where we identify an opportunity for their business model. But overall, we're kind, I feel like we're kind of in an exploratory phase right now. Yeah. 

But right now we're kind of just, you know, she gave us a good kind of overall handful of contacts that kind of, you know, spread the whole, you know, the whole kind of starter kit that they have. Yeah. So that's kind of where we're at. 

I think, you know, at least in terms of our interview today, be more focused on, like, what are you doing? What do you do with the dashboard? You know, where are your challenges? Where are you, like, where do you see it going? Things like that. Yeah. Yeah. 

Sounds good. Yeah. Go ahead and ask your questions and I'll answer as best I can. 

Fernando, you wanna go ahead and take the lead? Yeah. So hello, Brian. My name is Fernando Luna. 

I am a partner here with Scott and a little more about the project as well and what we hope to get out of it today. We really want to just gather some meaningful insights to really understand like, like Scott had mentioned, any challenges, pains, and anything you see as maybe that you're working on that may overcome any of these challenges and pains or any, any other ones that maybe cannot be addressed yet, anything of that sort. We'd also like to uncover any deeper values, any needs that may need to be addressed that may create new value propositions for the overall structure of our project. 

Once again, I'd like to for the time and yeah, so we can carry on into the rest of this interview. So to begin, we'd just like to get a little bit of background information on yourself. Pretty basic stuff, just of experience, really. 

Can you state your current occupation and position? Yeah, I'm a solutions architect at Blue Ridge Automation. Awesome. And currently, do you have any specific area or projects you are working on? Yeah. 

Yeah, so I kind of focus and kind of my whole career has been around manufacturing integration consulting. So yeah, let me just kind of outline some more of my background, and maybe this will answer your question in a long-winded way. But so I've always worked with systems integrators, which is kind of a certain lane within the manufacturing engineering sort of spectrum. 

And really what systems integrators do is work with, you know, we're third-party engineering firms working that manufacturers contract us to help solve a variety of problems around their manufacturing operations. There's kind of a wide array of different types of systems integrators. Some are more focused on, you know, hardware and automation aspects of manufacturing. 

So if the manufacturer says, hey, we want to add some more equipment to our lines, we want to expand and add another facility, and the automation and electrical engineering and kind of configuration to set all that up, that would be more of kind of an automation engineer. Where I've kind of gravitated my career is more on the software engineering side. So again, same sort of starting off point. 

A manufacturer would say, hey, we have a pain point in our manufacturing operations. Let's find a systems integrator to help implement a solution for us. And on the software side, that would be more like, hey, we know we have a lot of pieces of equipment that generate data in our facility, and let's have a solution so that we can see dashboards or reports on how our operations are running. 

So, you know, I would be more involved in kind of specking out, architecting, and building solutions around that. And a lot of times we're using off-the-shelf, you know, existing third-party software to do that. There's a laundry list of software packages that I've used over my career. 

And other times that it might require more of a custom approach and building, you know, maybe a completely custom application from scratch, or, you know, something in between the two, where we might take an off-the-shelf platform, like an ignition from inductive automation, and then add a lot of, you know, customization elements to that, specific for that customer or that project, right? And that's really kind of where I've focused, and how that kind of brought me into this Energy Insights thing, and Industry 4.0, and Internet of Things, and all of this is just a further modernization of the approach that manufacturers and system engineers take to approach that. And, you know, when you get into Internet of Things, you know, we're starting to see some adoption of better data protocols to facilitate architectures like this. Like, in the world of manufacturing, everything has traditionally been OPC UA, and those types of protocols. 

Now people are getting more into MQTT, and pulling data from REST APIs, you know, that sort of thing. So, you know, with Energy Insights, I'm not sure how familiar you guys are with the data architecture that's being built here, but, you know, that is taking edge of network devices within a plant floor, broadcasting or publishing that data up with MQTT to a cloud server, which then gets consumed into different dashboards in a multi-tenant type of environment, which is very much, you know, Industry 4.0, Internet of Things, so to speak, except instead of a Raspberry Pi being your point of data, it's a full-blown PLC with an Opto 22 Groove EPIC, and in this case, we're publishing data coming from power monitoring devices, and it's just focused around power monitoring data. But at the end of the day, from our perspective, it's all, you know, from my point of view, it's all data and data points and data flow, and I consider myself more of a data engineer than anything else. 

It's just, whether it's production data or scrap or power monitoring data or whatever, it's just, you know, the flavor of data for that particular application. That helps answer. Yeah, so it sounds like you're the guy that is like, they come to, on the software side that is, you're the guy that's like, okay, I know what's possible and what we can possibly do with, you know, the devices that we have or the data that can be collected in the manufacturing plant. 

You're the guy that's like, okay, this is what we can do. This is the best thing to do. Is that kind of what I'm, you know, what I'm getting? Yeah, and then, I mean, nine times out of ten, I'll carry that into, okay, now we'll actually go and do it.

So, but that's just kind of the first step is architecting and designing and figuring out, hey, you know, what tool in our toolbox makes the most sense for this application? And then, you know, it gets into commercial land of, you know, giving a proposal to the customer and back and forth, so on and so forth. But yeah, in a nutshell, that's really the name of the game. Yeah, awesome. 

Just another checkpoint, just because we had it over here on our script. The amount of time, how much time have you had in years really working and focusing in this part of the manufacturing? Specific to like more industry 4.0 stuff or energy monitoring specifically? Probably energy monitoring. Yeah, for me personally, I do not consider myself an energy expert by any means. 

I mean, I've dabbled in a handful of projects over the years that kind of incorporate energy data of some sort. But, you know, this particular project with Energy Insights is probably the deepest and most concentrated and specific effort around energy monitoring that I've been involved in. But other people are more well versed in it.

And with Energy 4.0, how much experience do you have, sir? Uh, not much. Not much. I mean, 4.0 in general, I would say a fair amount. 

But if you're talking about energy being the data points, you know, I haven't worked with it much on energy. Okay. All right. 

And just going into some more background and understanding of kind of what you have done to this point for Energy Insights, can you kind of walk me through what the primary work you've done directly with Energy Insights has been and how maybe just the average workday, if not just the span of the timeline of working on a solution, has been? Yeah. So my involvement with Energy Insights kind of spurred off of, you know, the state of Indiana, along with the partners that they have been working with, you know, the technology provider partners, you know, I just happen to have a lot of history and relationship with, namely in this case, you know, state of Indiana is working with Opto 22 from a hardware and, you know, inductive automation for software. Those two companies I've worked with a lot in the past on, you know, other non-energy related projects. 

So I just kind of naturally got involved through that. And really kind of my role is, you know, I'm helping the program find new manufacturers that might have a need for this incentive program. And then I'm kind of working with those manufacturers in the early stages of communicating with them and kind of figuring out, hey, what is the problem you guys are trying to solve? You know, what are some specifics within their plant, you know, from a hardware installation perspective, like, you know, where are we installing it and do we need to run Ethernet drops? Do we need to run conduit to get to panels? And those types of very detailed technical questions, you know, to facilitate a hardware install. 

And then beyond that, I'm just, I work a lot with manufacturers to understand, hey, what's your vision of, you know, what does Industry 4.0 mean to them? And what are they hoping that this program kind of is the springboard launcher for them in their journey? And that's where I kind of get into, hey, let's tweak the architecture into the design of this to add a more customized approach for this customer versus that customer. So I get involved in that effort. And then, you know, kind of my day-to-day work for Energy Insights at this point, you know, now we have a couple customers that I'm already working with, and we've kind of already kicked that off. 

So I'm very much in the Ignition designer and building out the software tools to make this happen. Awesome. Awesome. 

Yep. Covered most of the points. I got one more question on that, Brian, for you. 

You said, I think you said a little bit about finding, like, finding clients or finding customers that are a good fit. How, like, what makes a client or a customer a good fit? Or like, how do you go about finding those manufacturers? Yeah, I mean, certainly there's kind of, like, you know, requirements from the program standpoint in terms of, like, size of the company and all those. I'm a little fuzzy on those specific details. 

But really, for me, you know, it starts probably with finding a customer that I already have a relationship with and just understanding that, hey, they have a need to, I mean, I guess an ideal customer in my mind would be someone that is excited about the possibilities of what Industry 4.0 can bring and just aren't quite sure on how to get there. Or more importantly, you know, places that have kind of tight budgets are a good candidate for this program in particular because it allows manufacturers that they don't have to have that barrier of risk and spend to explore something new and scary to them. You know, this is hardware provided by the state, software provided by the state, so it's a very low-risk, low-effort way for these manufacturers to kind of see what this world can bring. 

So, you know, I kind of use that idea of finding, hey, this would be an ideal person to introduce into the program, someone that wouldn't necessarily go out and have the money or desire or budget to spend on an initiative like this without kind of this incentive, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Thanks for that.

Awesome. And following up, just your experience really working with Energy Insights, what have been some of the biggest challenges within working directly on improving the dashboard and how have you really addressed any of these challenges that have appeared, whether it be now or in the past? Yeah, I think the challenge is really, it's always going to be every manufacturer is different and every manufacturer, even within a vertical industry, is going to be different. So, you might have two different companies that are in, you know, automotive manufacturing and they both want to do power monitoring. 

They're inherently going to have very different ideas in their head of what this is going to get them. They're going to have different ideas in their heads on what sort of deliverables and dashboards they are going to get out of this. So, a big challenge is going to be building something in a way where we aren't just building a one-off solution for every customer going through this program, but building something that is scalable and dynamic and can have a level of flexibility and customization to kind of make this work for everyone, while at the same time still having kind of a unified code base that's easy to scale up and have multiple developers in it. 

And it's not just kind of the brainchild of one person and only that one person can add another feature. Like, that's just always the challenge of building solutions like this is finding the sweet spot of flexibility versus customization. And then following up, based on your experiences, what are some key factors to start considering when working with a starter kit like the one being implemented by Energy Insights? What information can be the most valuable to the customers? Say that again, from my perspective or from a customer's perspective? More based on your experience. 

Let's say, what are some key factors to really start considering when working with a starter kit like the one being implemented by Energy Insights? I think a key factor of this one is just going to be understanding the needs and the environment at the customer facility in terms of, you know, what are we... I'm trying to think of how to articulate this. The biggest complexity in consideration is going to be understanding the hardware installation layer and the differences and the nuances of that and kind of getting that working properly, more so than the dashboard side. So, I think it takes a lot of just attention and consideration around just making sure that we have the right types of devices and we're collecting the right type of data for the customer. 

Awesome. In terms of this, Brian, one more question, kind of on top of that. In terms of like the information that a lot of these companies, these manufacturers are looking to find or looking to see, like how much variance do you see in, like for example, you know, like a manufacturer might want to see, like a common thing might be like peak power usage throughout the day or something like that. 

How much variance do you see in what information different manufacturers are going to want to, you know, see or is there a lot of people left? I think the jury's still out on that, at least from... maybe other people could probably answer this better, but just from what I've seen so far, I think there's a lot of variance. There's not much continuity. I mean, I think if you ask that question to 10 different manufacturers on, hey, what sort of, what do you want to see on a dashboard? I think you'll probably get nine different answers from those 10 people. 

Okay, cool. Cool. Yeah. 

Alrighty. And just in terms of working with stakeholders, like how closely of a relationship professionally do you really get to develop and communicate back and forth with stakeholders? I'd say that varies, and it's really just dependent on the stakeholder themselves and the company. I mean, I always kind of approach it, I like building long-term relationships with all these stakeholders. 

Right. And if the stakeholder is kind of in that same mentality, then it works out great and we have those kind of long-term relationships. I mean, but other times you'll have the stakeholders like, hey, I'm just here to manage this project and get this thing done. 

And it's just kind of in and out really quick. But more often than not, I would say building that good, strong relationship with the stakeholder is always a great thing because you learn more about what are they really trying to get out of this? And you have less risk of, hey, well, we delivered the solution as you asked. And they're like, well, this isn't what we wanted. 

And it's all kind of wrapped around kind of misunderstandings of really what is their true motives and desires for their long-term vision. And you really only can get that by building a good relationship with the stakeholder. Awesome. 

And with the modifications currently being made to the dashboard, I'd like to ask just how often you and your team may try to test and make sure that you're getting any of the pains or the challenges presented maybe by the design of dashboard to redesign? I think that remains to be seen specifically for Energy Insights. I think that's just something that we're aware of that we need to be proactive in building this in a way that we can tweak things easy because there will be times where we're going to have to go in and modify existing dashboards to kind of fit the new sweet spot of what most people would want to see. And I think that's going to continue to ebb and flow over time and morph and change. 

So, yeah, I mean, I guess the only thing I'd say to that is we'll need to continue to be focused on building these in a way that can be changed and tweaked easily without having it be like a complete rebuild redesign. Awesome. And are there any examples of like feedback that you've had from any clients or users that's currently driving the approach you have towards any challenges presented? I'd say probably the biggest feedback that I've gotten has been just positive feedback whenever I have the approach of saying, hey, look, really what we're trying to do here is this is the tip of the iceberg. 

This is the starting off point to Industry 4.0 and saying, hey, look, like the deliverable that people are going to get from this program is a working example of how Industry 4.0 works at a platform that they can expand upon and do different things. I think that has generated a lot of positive feedback versus an approach of saying, hey, we're going to give you this canned solution that's going to give you these energy monitoring dashboards and there you go. We're done. 

But I think people really like the idea that this whole thing is designed around a starting off point that then they can kind of continue on their journey themselves from there. So giving the user agency into future expansion on their own or future modifications and tweaks, people like the idea that, hey, this is something that they're ultimately going to be able to own versus, hey, I get free access to view this dashboard for a period of time and then that's going to go away and we're back to the starting point. Awesome. 

In terms of also talking about the dashboard, is there any specific metrics you use to kind of track the improvements overall made by the dashboard? I can't really say I have a well-organized way of tracking that now. Awesome. No worries. 

That's nice. I mean, has there been like anything that's kind of shot out at you that's obvious? Oh, like this needs to be modified or there have been any other things maybe that have been like a little less clear that have became evident like within just testing or your own usage? No, I can't think of anything quite yet. No worries. 

All righty. And then how do you balance the need for advanced features with trying to maintain a product that is also user-friendly? Yeah, I mean, that's kind of a core challenge of this industry in general. And the best way that I can combat that is just a lot of clear and open communication with the customers and the stakeholders on the approach that's being delivered. 

I think that's kind of the best way of facilitating that. Awesome. And in terms of long-term goals on the dashboard, how do you envision it yourself evolving, whether it be for all clients or maybe for specific clients? I think kind of the biggest thing in my vision of what I'd really like to see out of this whole thing is that more leaning into the concept of kind of a collaborative platform. 

And what I mean by that is if you build a platform that is universal in nature to where you have 10 to 100 different customers all using this unified code base, if one customer out of that bunch says, hey, I'd love to have this feature and I'm willing to pay for it, that can get added into not only just their environment, but that can get added into this universal code base to where now the rest of the 99 people can get that feature if they want it. And now you multiply that by everybody else kind of inquiring about features. And now you have an environment where this unified platform is just rapidly solidifying with more and more advanced features and more refinement and more intelligence that the community as a whole can get versus an approach where if you just take this and say, we're going to build a solution for customer one and then we're going to build a solution for customer two. 

Now, at the end of the day, you have 100 different solutions and some might end up being really cool and some might be really basic. But the thing that I like most about this is kind of the idea of we can build something once that everybody can kind of benefit from the advancements of the technology. Now, those are great points. 

Tailing off that, Brian, could you give an example of like when you say adding a feature for a client, and it might be something that already exists right now, but could you give us an example of like what a client might ask to be added, like what type of feature? Yeah, I mean, again, I'm not like an energy guru, but like just simply thinking like, hey, we're monitoring, you know, three-phase voltage, you know, the general approach and design might be, okay, here's how we're going to visualize that on a historical trend chart and see your voltage over time. Well, some customer might say, hey, well, actually, it would be really beneficial if we can see this broken out in this way. Maybe it's a different type of chart or a different way of visualizing that data. 

Other customers might have a benefit of seeing the data in that kind of chart format versus the original one, and they just don't know enough about it to even ask that question, right? So, by doing it in this approach, it's like, hey, now we have three different flavors of this voltage chart and allow the customer to decide which one's most applicable for them. Okay, yeah, yeah, that's cool. Cool. 

Awesome. Now, kind of just approaching the end of the interview, once again, appreciate the time. But have you worked in any other projects that maybe like this before in your experience? And if so, what are some takeaways, whether it be knowledge or just overall experience that was the most helpful or transferable to your your current position? Yeah, I mean, I guess just continuing on the theme of like kind of building this centralized, unified code base that can multiply. 

You know, just for me personally, I'm building out a software development company that we're building our own software platform from scratch, you know, not energy insights or anything like that, but just for manufacturers. And again, we're taking that approach of, hey, I want to build one unified platform that many people can consume off of. And kind of the biggest thing that I'm learning through that journey is that when you go through this unified approach versus like treating each of these 100 different customers as individual projects, you inherently are in this model where the vast majority and the bulk of your development efforts are spent up front. 

And that just kind of creates a big challenge. You know, so when you think of for energy insights, you know, really the first five or six or so customers as part of energy insights are going to be, you know, effectively paying the bulk of the development efforts that then customers 10 through 100 just sort of get out of the box because it's already done, right? And so we've been navigating and figuring out how do we handle that commercially for energy insights. But when you take yourself out of this, you know, grant program, it's now you got to think of how do we solve that problem in the general world? Is it customer number one is going to pay for it all and the rest of the customers get it? Or before you get customer one, do you need to pull in, you know, external investor money or just kind of development, develop it through kind of sweat equity, you know, grit, get it done and then kind of get paid for that down the road after the fact. 

I mean, there's a variety of different approaches of doing it, but I'd say that's kind of the unified challenges. How do you it's the chicken and the egg of you need money to develop something, but then you need to develop something that's going to generate money and get customers, right? So what do you do first? And how do you approach that as a challenge? Awesome. Do you have any other questions, Scott? No, I'm good. 

We really appreciate your time, Brian. It was very helpful, very informative. And again, especially on such a short notice, we appreciate your help and your flexibility.

Yeah, anytime, guys. All right. I'd just like to remind you that all that was said today and that was recorded will be strictly confidential and only used in this classroom setting. 

So I just just to remain, you know, anything out of the way like that. But once again, like you said, thank you for the information.

(This file is longer than 30 minutes. Go Unlimited at https://turboscribe.ai/ to transcribe files up to 10 hours long.)